Welcome to the Sensor Fusion Engineer Nanodegree program.
Computers use sensors in order to perceive the world around them, and in particular,
robots use many different types of sensors in order
to understand and build a model of their environment.
Perception, as this task is called,
allows the robot to navigate through the environment and
update its understanding of its surroundings as it goes.
Different sensors and different sensor modalities,
as they're called, have different strengths and weaknesses,
which you'll learn about in this program.
Some sensors like cameras are passive sensors that
accept sunlight or other information from the world and try to interpret it.
Other sensors like radar are active sensors that send data
out into the world and then receive that data
back in order to build a model of the environment.
Other sensors have their own strengths and weaknesses.
Some sensors have a very far range,
and some sensors can only see the immediate surroundings.
Some sensors can see in 360 degrees or more up and down.
Some sensors can only see a straight line out and back.
Fusing together all of this data from all of these different sensors enables a robot or
a computer to understand the world more fully
and build a complete picture of the environment in which it's operating.
This technique called sensor fusion is critical to
the success of any robot that operates in the world,
and is an important component of building autonomous systems.
You're going to learn how to do just that in this program.